updated LRTM page (#35)
ROvACC/training-docs: docs/source/airports/napoc-tma/LRTM.rst

+-----------------+--------------+--------------+
| Deicing         | on parking position         |
+-----------------+--------------+--------------+

Clearance
"""""""""

Both RNAV and conventional SIDs are available, but RNAV are highly recommended. Non standard departure shall be coordinated with APP unit.

Taxi
""""

Departing and arrived traffic shall be instructed to follow standard taxi routes available on AIP LR AD 2.15-8.

Stand assignments
"""""""""""""""""

It is generally at the discretion of the ATC.

+-------+--------+-------------------+
| Apron | Stands | Procedure         |
+-------+--------+-------------------+
| 1     | 1-3    | self maneuvering  |
+-------+--------+-------------------+
| 2     | 4-7    | self maneuvering  |
+-------+--------+-------------------+

Traffic regulation
""""""""""""""""""

CTR Targu Mures is classified as Class C Airspace where both IFR and VFR are allowed to enter.

CTR Targu Mures lower limit is the ground level and the upper limit is 3000 ft AMSL (by QNH).

On the area chart there are all VFR points in CTR Targu Mures. An extented map of whole TMA VFR Routes could be find on AIP LR ENR 6-70.

> VFR traffic circuits are allowed in the north side of the airport, at 2000 ft AMSL (by QNH). VFR traffic could be cleared to climb in TMA only by APP unit. A coordination between TWR and APP units shall be in force.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VFR traffic circuits are allowed on the north side of the airport, at max 2000 ft AMSL (by QNH). VFR traffic could be cleared to climb in TMA only by the APP unit. Coordination between TWR and APP units shall be in force.
```
